Move the content on seed from URI to a new page (#2203)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/delete-databases.adoc

----

In Neo4j, dumps can be stored in the directory specified by the xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_server.directories.dumps.root[`server.directories.dumps.root`] setting (by default, the path for storing dumps is xref:configuration/file-locations.adoc#data[`<neo4j-home>/data/dumps`]).

> You can use dumps to create databases through the xref::database-administration/standard-databases/seed-from-uri.adoc[Seed from URI approach].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use dumps to create databases using the xref::database-administration/standard-databases/seed-from-uri.adoc[seed from a URI] approach.
```
